my desire in any case to go beyond
the simple drum demonstration and
to try to make it easy
a show around the drums
in particular by performance or by
humor or by plane
at first we started to incorporate
just a few gags like that a little
shyly and then little by little
realized that in the end people
that's what they preferred
so we left a little bit
take it by that and then a few
games pass seven years later this is a
show that still serves the
battery as a base like point of
departure but that is really a lot
plus a humorous show
an all-public show a show
only for debate
it
all the drummers who come to see us
are really happy to see that
actually we manage to put the
battery in the front row and that's it
happens to be playful for at least
an hour and a quarter we like to say that we
is justiciers of the battery a
small who put the battery back to
center
then to the people who make the
performance one stings at the level of
drummers at the level of humor in the
battery good no no to our references of
battery since it was our job
first in over fifteen years we had the
luck by before meeting but
like like manu katche yvias at
show and it was with the gratifying
to have to hear some great feedback from
his share in humor down here is
after that is all and all the cassettes
and the DVDs we watched for
hours on the road or on my
computer while we're doing little
not despite kilometers are given
poelvoorde françois damiens and like
michel courtemanche also good side nîmes
in fact a show that uses the
percussion but ultimately the message
it's a lot it's a message that is
very that will touch a little everyone
just try to get people going
finally who love each other what
that they love who who hate each other
who prick the chopsticks that has
really hungry is life what
finally